Trish come on!
You are impossible Tommy. I don't know what to do with you!
I've never been so embarrassed in my entire life
(under breath) Oh my God
Get over it already!
What?!
You knew how important it was for me to make a good impression in front of the partners.
And then you have the audacity to pull a stunt like that?
Well, I wasn't gonna let you walk all over me AGAIN
I'm tired of you treating me like my needs aren't important.
Your needs?!
This was my firm's holiday party.
Okay, fine. Yes the timing could have been better, all right?
-Yes, it could've!
But if someone asks me what I think of Taylor Swift's new album "Reputation"
I'm going to be honest and tell them I don't like it
But the new Taylor IS better than the old Taylor, right?
No
I'm sorry, okay. You know what actually I'm not sorry all right?
I miss the old Taylor
This isn't some small issue that I'm gonna lie about
just so we can look like a perfect little couple in front of your new group
of friends, okay?
We're not just some couple Tommy
I'm your fiancee, and you promised me before we got engaged that you were with me on this
I thought I was, okay?
But the more mainstream she got
the more people started dancing to "Shake It Off" and claimed they were Taylor fans
I just couldn't, okay?
These people
they don't know Taylor.
They don't know her like we do
You think they know that Dear John is about John Mayer?
They probably don't even know that "Dear John" is a song!
And now you're taking their pop-bandwagoning side.
I'm not taking sides!
Look, I thought we went over this with "1989".
I thought we agreed that she's still the same sweet Taylor that we fell in love with,
that it's perfectly okay for artists to evolve and expand,
and we should be happy for her.
I didn't even finish "1989".
What?!
You didn't hear "Clean"?!
What's the point?!
The Taylor that we fell in love with she was the underdog in school
And now she has-- now she has a squad of models
The old Taylor was, was shy and could barely even say "Hey Steven" without giggling
and now she's dated people like like Calvin Harris
Calvin (expletive)
Harris
and that- and that Tom
Fiddleditch guy.
Speaking of fiddles, when was the last time one of her songs even had a fiddle?
It's like I don't even know her anymore
I don't even know you anymore
You've forgotten everything that has made her who she is today.
I'm just open-minded and I know that people can change
for God's sakes
You still listen to her on CDs
So?
She's on Spotify now. What are you doing carrying around a discman?
I have a six CD changer in my car!
You know that!
Oh, you are so stubborn and so unwilling to grow with me and with her
How are we going to make a marriage work?
How are we gonna survive two, three, five, thirteen more albums when you're still stuck in the past?
The past is what makes us who we are
No.
The past is what makes us who we were
Maybe... who we are and the present is something different
What are you saying Trish?
I think we should stop sharing the same Taylor Swift playlist
And make new ones
With other people
Baby baby, what are you saying don't don't talk like that
What are you--
You're just caught up in the moment
Don't make this harder than it needs to be Tommy
When we first met in line of
that exclusive "Fearless" album signing
the three of us were so innocent
But people aren't meant to stay the same
So while I want to achieve my "Wildest Dreams"
You're stuck on "The Story of Us"
I'm looking ahead.
I'm ready for it,
but you just want to go "Back to December"
and I can't keep living like this
What happened to us?
Kanye.
I miss the old Kanye too
I think I should go
Oh Trish
Trish
Trish, what about "Sparks Fly"?
What about "Enchanted"?
Those are beautiful songs,
and maybe one day
you'll be listening to our greatest hits album,
and you'll understand
She just couldn't be your country, sweetheart forever
No no Trish
Stay for "Love Story"
Our "Love Story"
It's not even in my top 15 anymore
Noooooo!
(sobs hysterically)
"Our Song"...
Hey everyone, hope you guys like that short
I know we don't often do something about pop culture, but when we do we have a lot of fun with it
And we're obviously really big Taylor Swift fans here at Wong Fu
-Whoo!
Jan I don't about you, but old Taylor or new Taylor?
Gotta say, new Taylor! Gotta support!
-(feigns pain) Ah!
Okay, new Taylor is pretty cool,
but old Taylor though.
Okay, how about this, um
old One Direction or new, solo One Direction?
Uh... can't choose
Okay, here's the main question
old Wong Fu or new Wong Fu?
That's really hard
um, to be to honest, what's the difference?
The debate between old and new can go on forever
But all you need to know is that Wong Fu will keep making videos for you guys to enjoy
Thank you so much for watching!
Subscribe for more videos.
We'll see you guys next time!